Good morning, people. I'm going to talk about this.
split air conditioning tips
importance that it causes when the
People Do not Cleanse Good Symptoms
start as soon as the turbine and observe the
amount formed in this region
burned right corner does not have both
accumulated but not all of it
amount of accumulated foci it
You have to send more direct here so that
notice the dirt all over here will do
for who has rhinitis this here
greatly affect the health of the person
A lot of work from the air
conditioned because with all this dust here
this tribune loses the efficiency of
neath do internal inflation
at least as well as here by the system
undermine your shoulder's performance
now here in the cpi and not be observing that
already has the funds formed
this is a fungi mushroom
highly damaging to anyone who is
has limit and sinusitis
it is important to periodically clean
studio
in some cases with Nonô're very
saturated here that dirt is here
focus here his gut an inner letter
which is well in the face of this step
because here she is also
saturated
this little guy who collects made
repeating here by repeating here
begins to repeat a person, is she
producing water pass all water falls
inside that bastard and that dirt
also accumulate from the gutter and
clogging in some cases described in
some cases when this top face starts
to gain lots of water that floods everything
begins to really stay here.
region here in the whole device or in
some cases with the formation of this funk
inside the inside of the other
these small ones the water does not
when they can attack and breathe this
turbine here
now let's see that the device
now the athlete is open now we can
see face to face is this part that the
bottom
this money that was able to accumulate
to see that it is a black region and
I already suggest starting to accumulate and
here my son stayed hard can
make it run through to the day of the
donor stopped coming back now
now we will be removing this
Home here, of course, I already left.
ready to be taken at all cache
it's a collective
Now we can see it coming up.
notice that it's okay to blue
but she's practically black at all
that it is the internal dirt in the region
internal
thanks to china and turbine for example but
goes up where the formation of this
fame ends up doing the weeding up
of this turbine to respect all water for
otherwise it has to be breathing the water
can be a spray through the south rss room that
is formed here above is in the part of
inside it ends up causing the water not to
perfectly runs through the difficulty
to pass here the water ends up falling here
for this group ends up throwing out
Just leave the diary here.
the main symptoms of equator
conditioning is not difficult practically
or symptoms that happen when the
people are going to start the assembly dying
next part will now take full
electronic circuit that this part that
underneath let's run away
had that all as much as he
worked to avoid or even kyoto
past here by the corner
the next step is will will stay
here to be able to fight for power
vote for the sheet that seek ok ciep china
the inside of her knows she has a
little dirt was going on
city ​​and even a type of problem and stay
hoping to give as little as possible
but it is that it should have this dirt
internal
I think now it comes from above but
never seen so tdlc suggests a powder 1 or
Honey, this happens, I'll get water.
who want to choose ends up playing pope
ends here is the turbine one size
that this turbine and how much it appears
now notice here in that space between a
and another
the accumulated here a slap hole in
hole covered here it ends up losing
all your income can not
play the current or being unable to play
to play asked to function loses
all performance here is a 24 thousand
btus ends 40 12 and 19 is falling until the
time you want
The teacher was not that the direction
can never go straight back with the brand
condenser now notice that it was
removed all capture him stay here
us the device literally grenade
It lasted only a little motor here so
you observe the operation of the
speedy is very simple
at least on the part of the operator and now
we will be able to start doing to
cleaning it and in the video part you
will see his will and confirmed the
cleaning